hey what's going on YouTube saying my
state and I want to discuss something
with you guys something very important
Apple has risen he said that
jailbreaking is illegal now hang on
jailbreaking my iphone is legal I am NOT
allowed to jailbreak my iphone which I
paid good money for I paid for your buck
for this and they're gonna tell me that
I can jump break it it's nonsense you
can't jailbreak your iphone or ipod
touch so ipod touch users you're with us
um so yeah do you guys think this is the
right Apple telling us Eddie you can't
jailbreak your iphone ipod touch now
tell now it's not official yet i was
trying to maintain ego but you know so
yeah and this is my personal opinion but
i believe we have a right we have a
right to jump ring our phones or ipod
touch it's our money not theirs right
and one second cracked apps there that's
a different issue like crack tops are
hurting the developers which you know
they put work into making these games
and apps and steaming you know that that
stuff i did i understand that but you
have a right to jailbreak your iphone
apple shouldn't be shouldn't say oh you
can jailbreak it whatever is legal how's
Italy go this is mine I can do whatever
I want with it so just hope or pray or
whatever that it doesn't come illegal
because I will crack this becomes
illegal I mean I'm so much stuff that
you can't get on an on jumpin Joe broken
iphone ipod touch i was seriously cry
so beautiful I mean themes video
recorder I'm gonna miss it all that so I
hope you know i'm i'm begging that it
doesn't become illegal so yeah youtubers
fellow subscribers tell me what you
think in the bottom and you know too
much a thing shut up is it should it be
illegal or do you think they believe
that you're right i personally believe I
have a right I should be able to do
where I want with this phone which I
paid for and my ipod touches touches
because I have only one so yeah comment
tell me what you think and once again I
pay for this I should be able to
jailbreak in and you'll probably hear
more about this in the news or whatever
it's gonna be something big cuz it's
gonna affect an entire group of people I
mean how many people have the iphone now
the iphone that sold like a male 2 and
in two days it was slow down when I body
had to wait line from four o'clock to i
finally got like a 4pm and it didn't
work so i don't take your home and
activated hello those oh man how many
people of the iphones how many people
how many people me like I know just like
this I'm overreacting right now or I'm
exaggerating but a lot of people have it
hello pick up the iphone ipod touch its
Apple come on man who does have a nap on
so yea once again comment tell me what
you think about the jumper key issue and
should be ego do we have rights Thank
You Tube don't forget to subscribe to
the right yes all right thank you to
take much to a out